Updated IIoT for Makers doc for IDL OData workflow (#5035)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/partners/siemens/mindsphere/mindsphere-app-service.md

* You can publish your resources through Mendix Data Hub and add the asset data as an [External Entity](/refguide/external-entities/) in your domain model. In this case, you first have to publish a contract of your assets to Data Hub so that they can be found in the [Data Hub Pane](/refguide/data-hub-pane/) in Studio Pro.

    The instructions for doing this are below, and instructions for using the external entities are in [Using MindSphere IIoT for Makers Through Mendix Data Hub](#using-data-hub).

#### 2.4.3 Publishing Resources to Data Hub

To access your data from Data Lake storage using the OData technology provided by the Mendix Data Hub, you first have to publish your asset information to Mendix Data Hub. To do this, you create a **contract** within the MindSphere **Integrated Data Lake Manager**. Do the following to manage your contracts:

1. Go to the **Integrated Data Lake Manager** in the MindSphere Launchpad.
1. On the left hand side, you find the tile **oData Contracts**. Click on the tile to open contracts view.

    {{< figure src="/attachments/partners/siemens/mindsphere/mindsphere-app-service/idl_contract_tile.png" alt="data-lake-manager" >}}

> 1. You will now see the lists of your already existing contracts or an indication that no contracts are created yet.

Reviewer: Is this one list of all the contracts, or are there several lists? If only one list of contracts then:
```suggestion
1. You will now see a list of your already existing contracts or an indication that no contracts are created yet.
```

Author: Updated

1. In the **Meta Information** section of the wizard you can specify parameters like the name or the version of your contract. Note that the application name is already pre-filled with a combination of the prefix **mdsp_** and your tenant name. This will help you to find all contracts for your particular tenant within Mendix.

    {{< figure src="/attachments/partners/siemens/mindsphere/mindsphere-app-service/idl_contract_metadata.png" alt="data-lake-manager" >}}

1. In **Folder Selection** section, select the folder to be published in the contract. on the right panel, selected folders are listed.

    {{< figure src="/attachments/partners/siemens/mindsphere/mindsphere-app-service/idl_contract_folder_selection.png" alt="data-lake-manager" >}}

1. In the summary section, you can specify the following:
    * Download your contract – if you want to store the contract yourself or you want to use it with an OData provider other than the Mendix Data Hub
    * Publish the contract to the Mendix Data Hub – you must do this if you want to use the asset information within your Mendix app; it is therefore preselected

>     {{< figure src="/attachments/partners/siemens/mindsphere/mindsphere-app-service/idl_contract_summary.png" alt="data-lake-manager" >}}

Reviewer: The image file has been committed with the name `idl_contract_summary.PNG`, rather than `idl_contract_summary.png`. Browsers are case-sensitive, so the file isn't linked properly. Can you reupload it with the correct name (you may have to delete it and then create it, as github is sometimes case insensitive.

I can sort this out later if you can't sort it out yourself, but I'll have to wait until we merge the PR and I have full R/W access to the branch.

Author: File name updated
